an altruistic persona

she said that people these days are always so sad. and it's not because the world has become a sadder place or anything - the world's always been a sad place. no, what's changed is that people don't have control over their own minds anymore. and by that, she said, she meant that people couldn't just sit in undistracted silence and just NOT THINK. partially, she said, this was on account of the conditioning of constant stimulation - from technology, from media, from drugs - a stimulation that was literally addicting. to use the unadulterated, unhyperbolic definition of the term. 

people - the youth - she said, could not sit still with their thoughts. their minds wander to thinking about the last time they had sex, whenever that was, even if it was years ago. or they think about some stupid thing they said to a group of people they just met (or to close friends). or they think about work and how much it sucks and how much they can't stand the thought of going back in tomorrow, for the next however many decades. they have no control over these thoughts, she said. they just happen. the closest anyone comes to a calm, relaxed mindstate is when they're scrolling through a social media feed - an activity that has so conditioned them away from shock that even the really big World Changing events are sanctioned away into numbness.

everyone who grew up before all this, she said, everyone has control over their own brain because they pray. they give god their love and the attention He deserves and in return he quiets the wind in their minds and allows them to sail freely where they may. there's a part of the brain, she said, which is totally devoted to religion. god put it there for us. but the people today, she said, they don't have god. their religion is stimulation, which is a satanic force designed to muddy your cognition of What's Important. stimulation is meant to be a sacred kick in the ass when something Important is happening, but it's been hijacked by sinful men to drive you away from God.

what's great about god, though, she said, is that he loves you no matter what. he sees the darkness that has descended on the people, and though it upsets him, he still loves you. god is ALWAYS there. he is ALWAYS ready to be accepted into your life. and when you do, he will reward you by freeing you from the shackles of modern society. he will do so with great pleasure because God loves all of us and wants us to be Good. but, she said, you need to make the first move, she said, it's up to you.

people today, she said, they think that they don't need god. they think of god as a tyrant and religion as tyranical. but what they don't see is that they've given themselves over completely to actual tyranny - they've subscribed to the religion of brands and governments and celebrity. a religion of sinful, worldly men. your mind is small, she said, and easily influenced. the world is big. you don't have a choice about whether or not you will be influenced, but you can make the choice about where your influence comes from. and for your sake, she said, and for the sake of all these sad, sad people, i pray that the decision will be God.

> do you have any data to back this up?
> can god create a rock that He himself cannot lift?

[player is free to walk around the environment and throw things around physics style while this character speaks]